Console Follow-Ups (#1616)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/intro/console/_index.md

  intro:
    identifier: console
    weight: 1
no_on_this_page: true
aliases: [/docs/reference/service]
---

> The [Pulumi Console](https://app.pulumi.com) is a web application that enables faster software collaboration. It provides the following features and benefits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Pulumi Console](https://app.pulumi.com) web application automatically manages deployment state and enables collaboration between developers and operators. The Pulumi CLI automatically uses it unless you [explicitly opt out](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/concepts/state/). The Pulumi Console provides the following features and benefits:
```
